---
published: false
---

 ## Entry #4: The challenges of a balancing act and discovered diagnoses
#### 17/09/2021
__________________________________________________________________________________________
#### In 2018, I studied in Canada for a year in an undergraduate Industrial Design program. I maintained mixed grades, in some, I did excellently, and in others, not well. I realised that this was due to my inability to multi-task and prioritise. Beginning this semester at RMIT, I felt at ease with the course load and was able to learn to prioritise my subjects and began excelling in my course. A friend who had also attended the same undergraduate program in Canada told me about how she started a UX Design course that Google offers. This program would help my career, so I began attending it. However, I found that with my art course, my course work at RMIT, and now the UX Design course, the same problems that I faced in Canada began to surface. I realised that I have trouble managing too many things at once. I began to research why this was, why the stress of too many assessments made it difficult for me to begin and finish assignments. I didn’t understand this relationship and found myself dropping most of my courses, and procrastinating on my Assignment 1.

####  I went to a Psychiatrist due to this stress and anxiety and was diagnosed with ADHD after a long evaluation. Things suddenly made sense, I didn’t feel as though I was incapable, but more so suffering due to an undiagnosed illness. This interest in Design and Psychology had pushed me to a limit where an ongoing problem resurfaced. I am grateful for the timing, I feel as though now I am able to judge myself less harshly, receive treatment, and excel at RMIT and in my future career. This does wonders for my confidence, as now I feel I am a competent person, and that many of my fears have developed due to this condition. Understanding my own diagnoses made me develop a further interest in psychology as I would like to learn more about how learning disabilities affect IQ, quality of life, and sense of self. Moving forward, this diagnosis will now allow me to excel further as I receive treatment that will help me concentrate on tasks and finish assignments. I believe these benefits will allow me to live up to my potential and have a positive impact on my career as a student now, and in the future. 
