---
published: true
---
## Mr Crellin, my new lecturer for SSET
### 27/08/2021
____________________________________________________________________
#### After completing the first section of Unistart I was excited to begin the introduction to science and technology at RMIT. I had my first class with Mr Crellin and immediately felt relief as the instructor was kind, knowledgeable and interesting. Mr Crellin and I had a meeting to discuss assignment 1, and I expressed my concerns over writing a research paper and not knowing what to do. I was feeling stressed as I felt overwhelmed with writing a literature review as I didn’t have prior experience. As I spoke to Mr Crellin, he shared a lot of valuable information regarding the assignment, alleviating my concern,  and then we discussed many things related to psychology and UX Design. After having heard his insights into the complexity of design and how it is interlinked with everything in our daily lives, my love and appreciation for both design and psychology grew deeper. He helped me learn more about user-experience design, as well as how psychology is an important aspect in that.

#### I believe that conversation developed a further understanding of what I wanted to do in my life, which was to explore the human mind and how it interacts with things. A few days after our conversation, I began learning exploring UX design and stumbled on a UX Researcher role. I studied what the job entailed and realised this is exactly what I’d love to do with my life. After having written the research paper, the concept of being a researcher wasn’t so scary anymore, and I felt that I could be capable of working in such a role. Mr Crellin helped me to see how my interests greatly aline with this position. If it weren’t for the conversation with mr. Crellin, I doubt I would’ve found this passion so quickly. Now that I had a goal and dream job, I began researching intern roles in research positions online and found that it was a high paying, in-demand position and that there was so much opportunity for me in this section. I have learnt that talking to your professors and learning about their opinions and their experiences can help me gain valuable insight that may have significant impacts on my own development. In the future, I plan to continue getting to know my professors within the science and technology community to continue growing as a student.

